big or small
You see what we said just now
Sit down and talk
What are you doing, sir?
Since you have come to Yunting Hotel
What are you pretending to be with me?
Didn't you just promise me?
Promise what?
Are you still pretending to be with me?
They're all here.
Stop pretending
Aren't we here to talk about things?
Let me go
Let's talk first
Isn't everything negotiated?
I promise you about your Ming family project.
No, if you grab it
Kindergarten won't let you go
He is about to marry Tang Miaoying
Become the son-in-law of the Tang family
If the Tang family targets you
You'll be in trouble too
Don't tell me about Ye Longyue
Tell you
It is impossible for Ye Longyue to marry Tang Miaoyin
Impossible Tang Miaoyin said that Non-Ye Longyue is not here
Don't you know?
I'll tell you what.
I will help Tang Miaoying's second uncle Tang Haishan rise to the top
At this time, Tang Miaoying can only marry me
And Ye Long Ye will surely die
So you still obediently followed me
Let go!
Don't even think about it, you stinky bitch, you are courting death